hey everybody we're in the back of st.
charles unit and i'm sitting here at my
wise five-point harness chair i don't
see how much i can show you of this unit
well sitting safely in this chair so
you're gonna notice quite a few
different things about this unit first
of all they stood up their oxygens and
i've got access here through this this
panel at the end of the action wall
which if she room for two that behind
the captain's chair since they're not
laying down the oxygen we actually built
a cabinet here with some lexan doors so
just for storage and then on top of this
we have two of the engl refrigerators
these are the temperature control or
they actually have a dial where you can
set the temperature up or down on that a
lot of things that they're carrying I'm
not sure possibly they're gonna put
water in one and then perhaps their
saline solutions in the other and as I
turn around in this chair see if we can
look locked in place over here when we
keep turning this is a little insert I
believe for their Auto pulse so we have
a net that goes over it
keep it secured in there and then on top
of this we had a have a docking station
for their laptop the the front wall
cabinet is a little bit shorter than
normal because of the chassis this is on
a freight winder actually the first
freight liner we've done since 2000 now
question is can I get out of this thing
Hey look at that alright so a few
changes that they made over at the end
of the action while we on sharps
container and then we're the sharps
container normally is we have a little
trash receptacle they've added dry erase
boards over to the CPR seat and then
they've added another one over the squad
bench also in the front position the
squad bench we have a six-point safety
belt and this one's pretty cool you've
got two positions right up here
and here it allows you to move around
again they've got the net at the front
of the squat bench and then also this
squat bench lifts up to the lids on
these lip pop lifts up so we've got
storage under each of the sections there
additionally we've got a long plate to
floor which is a little bit different
it's got the the raised treads on it
this is what's called the lawn plate -
let's see what else we have an Intel
attack this is the emergency time
manager clock up there and we need to
reset the time on that I think that's
about it oh this is this is something
that's pretty popular with a lot of our
customers this is the three of the
dining room conspicuity the nice thing
about doing it in white and a large
panel on the inside of these rear entry
doors is that if you have a patient in
here it's not going to be too obnoxious
from a color standpoint but when you
open the doors it's going to give you
the safety and the visibility that you
need on the outside now let's see one
last thing is we have a moment Colin
over in the front
iö they've gone in here and they put to
plug strips both on the top shelf and
then on the second shelf for some items
that they're going to be plugging in
there thanks
you